# DISCORD AND YOUTUBE PRESENTATION

## Goal

Giving a first introduction of the project to an audience related to Million Token.

## Plot

Opening on TradingLab homepage

Hi Everybody, we are live on Discord and Youtube.
Thanks everybody for being here, I am a bit nervous,
but despite so, we are sure this presentation will be the first of many.

I will try to complete my presentation, please in case of questions let's 
wait the end.

I want to start saying a few words about me: you know by my nickname, Dolphin,
I am in my 30ies, living in Europe, working for an important crypto unicorn.
My main focus is data, but after having discovered cryptos in 2017,
I realized how important for me would have been to develop new technical skills,
allowing me to build end-to-end products, so here we are.

Introducing Presentation Summary

VISION --> TradingLab aims...

IMAGE --> Why laboratory, why these colours

Why Hyper Hibrid: multi chain, multi technology, multi social.
We believe lives require holism, the ability to move multiple things forwars.

ROADMAP
  - First stage, the development
  - Second stage, the marketing
  - Third stage, the decentralisation

First Stage, giving a demo
Opening from homepage, connecting with a new wallet.
Starting inserting a new trade, USDC - MM
Showing how the interface looks like, be slow.
After that, insert a subtrade (SELL).
Show the KPIs of the trade, show the global KPIs.
Insert a second trade, USDC - BTC, enfatise how complicated starts
to be mathematic behind. Show again the KPIs.
Copy the URL, open an incognito tab, and show that the profile
is fully accessible from incognito.
Now start to talk about privacy. Change privacy to private,
go back to the incognito and show how the profile is not
available anymore. Mention the setting about "follow".

And this is it, TradingLab in all its semplicity.

Now let's talk about the second stage, MARKETING.

We have been ignoring marketing at the beginning because delivery 
a good and working product has taken all our energies.
But now are ready to start developing it.
First of all, we have a blog, we are supported by an SEO expert.
A youtube channel ready to shine, a great twitter account with 20 followers,
we have a Metafora profile, and also a great Discord server.
Remind everybody to follow TradingLab

Our marketing strategy is divided into two main sections, and will run for the whole year.
As you know, we have a token.
We were planning to have this token ready for the end of the year, but
things have evolved, and we already created it.

It is one of the main fuels behind our crypto competitions.
All the partecipants, and all the users interacting with the platform will gain some LAB token.
Talk about the tokenomics, talk about the distrubtions plan.
Talk why the token at the moment does not have value, it can see as NFT/Governamentce idea

Enfatize how this is laboratory in which things can change so very often, that's 
make LAB a good thing to store, if they believe in the project.

FINALLY, last part of the projct, the future.

We are deep believer in decentralised technology, 
that's why we have spent months learning how to develop smart contracts.
The main idea will be to allow TradingLab becoming a fully decentralized platoform,
fully regulated by smart contracts.
We want to allow newbies and experts intereacting with each others.

Newbies, learing from experts, and paying a fee to them,
Experts, sharing their competence with newbies, and earning from their skills.
Everything regulated by smart contracts.

In order to achieve this goal we need TradingLab to be up and running, with users
using the platoform. We will need funds, because at that stage there will be no room for
mediocricy and mistakes.
It is still a bit too early to talk about this, but there are many interesting ideas that
needs to be developerd.
We accept the struggle, the challenges, the uncertainties.

This is all I have to say today, I hope this presentation made you curious,
and now I am here ready to answer your questions.
Thanks again guys!


